<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-US" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Publisher's Note</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="frontmatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="publisher-note" role="doc-preface" epub:type="preface">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Publisher's Note</h2>
			<p>In the event that the Publisher's persistent solicitations for consent to issue this edition have, by some misfortune, been consigned to the depths of the ocean while in transit to their intended recipient, and with a disposition to ascribe the noblest of intentions to those from whom an explicit dissent has not been forthcoming, the Publisher has ventured to proceed with this publication in the hopeful anticipation of eventually being graced with the permissions requested.</p>
			<p>The text herein has not only been transmitted to the reader with fidelity, but also enhanced, through the application of certain ingenious contrivances originated by the Publisher himself. These enhancements include the following:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>A précis, or argument, has been prefixed to each chapter, designed to more keenly engage the reader's interest in the unfolding story and to whet the appetite for subsequent chapters.</li>
				<li>Following each chapter, a concise dialogue amongst various simulated personages is presented, to more vividly expound upon the chapter's principal themes and notions.</li>
				<li>In instances where the original manuscript appears to lack a sentence – perhaps owing to the oversight of the typesetter or a mishap of transcription – the Publisher has undertaken to interpose a sentence of his own crafting, mirroring the original author's style, to mend the breach. This regrettable but necessary intervention is required approximately once per chapter.</li>
    			<li>The Publisher has interspersed, at judicious intervals, various asides, reflections, or clarifications in the form of footnotes, to satiate the reader's thirst for broader understanding.</li>
				<li>An illustration, executed by means of a mathematical distillation process of the most advanced sort and based on a catalog of no little extent whose contents the Publisher cannot entirely recall, has been inserted into each chapter to more vividly depict the principal events and characters.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>Through these means, it is fervently hoped that the reader will discover this text to be substantially more rewarding than any prior editions procurable from the initial printers or any competing quarters.</p>
			<p>With the greatest of enthusiastic respect, your humble servant,</p>
			<p>The Publisher</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
